this unsalted white cheese is an
absolutely basic Indian foodstuff and
you might think it takes hours to
prepare not so you can make a block of
fresh paneer in just 40 minutes it just
requires milk no salt and something to
sour it with so we've got some mill just
coming up to the ball once it starts
rising in its pan it should be quite
soon we're just gonna add in our yogurt
and what we'll see happening that it's
pretty quick is the milk solids will
coagulate and the way we'll kind of
separate from it and then we just drain
it to get all the milk solids so you
need just enough yogurt to kind of curl
it but not so much that you want to get
it really sour but I mean it's a very
forgiving dish to make it's not gonna
it's not gonna be awful in fact
sometimes the yogurts not sour enough so
you can see already you're getting
little lumps of yeah the milk solids
this is beautiful I love this I love
making cheese I feel like I feel like if
I can do cheese I can do anything cuz it
sounds like it's really difficult to do
it isn't it I'm at home making paneer
you feel like ah sure what she's doing
yes is so simple it may be kind of any
generic cheese right now before they
start adding flavor rings and everything
else it's completely simple and plain
that's around beautiful muslin so I'm
gonna run some water to it the reason we
do this is you take out any remaining
sourness from the yogurt okay put it on
top all right cool 20 restful minutes
later and the paneer has set
and is ready to eat this have a look
it's our baby you're the proud parents
of cheese I can't believe how easy it is
to make let's open it up and very
curious hmm it smells fresh
cheesy yes like ricotta there's actually
mozzarella yeah it smells the same it's
good yeah good nice crumbly texture so
what do we do with this we're gonna chop
it up into blocks and we're gonna
marinate in something jewelry masala
oh thanks queue it up good it uncle
fantastic